HOW to do multiple networks???
 - currently creating an adapter for each network

k, addresses weren't tracking true addresses, they were being overwritten by relay stuff.  3 options:
1) keep separate list of relays.  seems like a lot of extra checks
*->2) keep peer.address as the relay address, and add a new field for DC addresses
3) keep peer.address unchanged unless we have a DC
we need to know the DC addresses to try and establish a DC on a relay peer.

drop uuids and just generate byte string ids of desired size?

TODO:
periodically try to DC relay peers?
should we try hole punching NATs?

convert to TAP: ethernet packets, with mac addresses?
* Done

TAP:
 iperf from dev to naz: 17.8
 iperf from naz to dev: 33.7
TUN:
 iperf from dev to naz: 18.0
 iperf from naz to dev: 28.8

after adding weakrefs:
TAP: iperf -t 30
 iperf from naz to dev: 22.7 (second try: 32.7)
 iperf from dev to naz: 22.5-9
 bi: 8.51
revno: 62
 naz > dev 30.4
 dev > naz 19.6
with AESCrypterPP (revno 62):
 naz > dev 30.5
 dev > naz 21.7
with AESCrypter (revno 62):
 naz > dev 30
 dev > naz 21

announces are kinda numerous when a new peer gets added.  there is an announce when a new peer is added as a relay from an announce and then a second announce if we can direct-connect to them.  This could end up causing a lot of unnecessary announces.
  Instead, I could make an incoming announce cause a direct connect attempt, and only add the peer as a relay if that fails (via deferred).  The downside of this is that it could take longer for a peer's presence to propagate through the net.
  The first method would propagate the peer as relays through the network really fast and then each relay would be updated when a direct connection is made, causing extra announces.  If there were a lot of peers this could cause a lot of traffic...?

Crytpo:
  Should I use a PGP key for the network, and generate new random keys between peers when they connect?  Right now I just use a symmetric cypher key for the network and encrypt all traffic with that (ala n2n).  
  If I switch, I need to change the packet format to let the client know if the incoming packet is encrypted with PGP or a Cypher.

Packet Format:
  Currently, if it is a 'data' packet, or a packet that goes over the TUN wire, the packet is just [type-2B][data].  Since data is an IP packet, src and destination virtual IPs are included.
  For non-data packets, the format is [type-2B][id-2B][dest-4B][src-4B][data].  The id field is there so we can send an ack packet with the same value to ensure delivery.  The src and dsg fields are used for routing.

Routing relay packets:
  Reg/Announce/Peer exchange packets contain .relay field, which are used to assign a 'relay' address to peers that don't have direct connections.  Whenever  packet comes in with info about a peer containing a better relay field, the source of that packet is used as the new relay address.  There is probably a better way to do this.


